EMUmail License 

1. License Grant. Licensor hereby grants to you,
    and you accept, a nonexclusive license to use the
    EMUmail software free of charge in
    machine-readable, object-code form only, and the
    accompanying user documentation (collectively
    referred to as the "Software"), only as authorized in
    this License Agreement. The Licensee may use the
    Software on one system, with one microprocessor
    provided, that, the Licensee owns such system.
    You agree that you will not assign, sublicense,
    transfer, pledge, lease, rent, or share your rights
    under this License Agreement. You agree that you
    may not reverse assemble, reverse compile, or
    otherwise translate the Software. Any copies that
    you may make of the Software shall include
    Licensor's copyright and other proprietary notices.
    Except as authorized in this paragraph, no copies of
    the Software, or any portions thereof, may be made
    by you or any person under your authority or
    control. 

    2. Licensor's Rights. You acknowledge and agree
    that the Software is a proprietary product of
    Licensor protected under U.S. copyright law. You
    further acknowledge and agree that all right, title,
    and interest in and to the Software, including
    associated intellectual property rights, are and shall
    remain with Licensor. This License Agreement does
    not convey to you an interest in or to the Software,
    but only a limited right of use revocable in
    accordance with the terms of this License
    Agreement. 

    3. License Fees. This Agreement is effective upon
    the first use of the Software. The Software is
    provided without charge. Any other fees are payable
    only as separately stipulated by the Licensor and
    agreed to by you. 

    4. Term. You may terminate this License Agreement
    at any time by returning the Software and all copies
    thereof and extracts therefrom to Licensor. Licensor
    may terminate this License Agreement upon breach
    by you of any term hereof. Upon such termination
    by Licensor, you agree to return to Licensor the
    Software and all copies and portions thereof. 

    5. No Warranties The Software is provided "AS
    IS," without any representation or warranty
    whatsoever. LICENSOR DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL
    OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
    ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE 

    6. Limitation of Liability. Licensor shall not be
    responsible for any claims, demands, or actions
    arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement. In no
    event shall Licensor be liable for any indirect,
    incidental, consequential, special, or exemplary
    damages or lost profits, even if Licensor has been
    advised of the possibility of such damages. 

    7. Trademark. EMUMAIL is a trademark of Licensor. No
    right, license, or interest to such trademark is
    granted hereunder, and you agree that no such
    right, license, or interest shall be asserted by you
    with respect to such trademark. 

    8. Miscellaneous. 

    8.1. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains
    the sole and entire agreement between the parties
    with respect to the subject matter of this
    Agreement and supersedes any and all other prior
    written or oral agreements between them. 

    8.2. Amendment. No amendment, waiver, or
    modification of this Agreement or any provision of
    this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and
    duly executed by the parties. 

    8.3. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding
    upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and
    respective heirs, legal representatives,
    administrators, successors, and assigns. 

    8.4. No Waiver. Nothing contained in this
    Agreement shall cause the failure of either party to
    insist upon strict compliance with any covenant,
    obligation, condition or agreement contained in this
    Agreement to operate as a waver of, or estoppel
    with respect to, any such covenant, obligation,
    condition or agreement. Waiver by any party of any
    breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
    be considered as nor constitute a continuing waiver
    or waiver of any other breach of any provision of
    this Agreement. 

    8.5. Attorney's Fees. In the event of litigation
    between the parties to enforce the provisions of or
    with respect to this Agreement, the prevailing party
    shall be entitled to reimbursement for attorney's
    fees and costs at trial and on appeal. 

    8.6. Captions. Captions contained in this
    Agreement are inserted only as a matter of
    convenience or for reference and in no way define,
    limit, extend, or describe the scope of this
    Agreement or the intent of any provision of this
    Agreement. 

    8.7. No Third Party Beneficiaries. The parties
    have entered into this Agreement solely for their
    own benefit. They intend no third person or party to
    be able to rely upon nor enforce this Agreement nor
    any part of this Agreement. 

    8.8. Assignment. You shall not assign rights nor
    delegate duties under this Agreement without the
    prior written consent of the Licensor. Any purported
    assignment or delegation violating this provision shall
    be void. 

    8.9. Governing Law. This Agreement and the
    interpretation of its terms shall be governed by the
    laws of the State of Massachusetts. 

    8.10. Jurisdiction and Venue. The parties consent
    to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Massachusetts
    state courts and agree that exclusive venue shall lie
    in Massachusetts. 

    8.11. Enforceability. If any provision of this
    Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by
    any court of competent jurisdiction or as a result of
    future legislative action, such holding or action shall
    be strictly construed and shall not affect the
    validity or effect of any other provision of this
    Agreement.

For further information, please visit: 

http://www.emumail.com/

or call

(617)868-9277

EMUMAIL
675 Mass Ave
Cambridge, MA 02139
United States

